docs/guide/README.md, before:

# Guide


## What?

Today there are already a few libraries out there to create scenes in Vue with Three.js:

- [vue-gl](https://github.com/vue-gl/vue-gl)
- [vue-threejs](https://github.com/fritx/vue-threejs)

These libraries are good for creating simple scenes, as they allow us to easily create basic 3D content.

For more complex ones however, they aren’t enough, as integrating custom components can’t be done with ease. Managing and tracking the loading progress of your assets also becomes more difficult the more assets you use.

This library tries to solve these problems.

## Features

This library focuses on **managing** your Three.js assets, scenes and objects.

As such, it won’t include any basic geometries, materials and so on, as you can implement them yourself very easily.

But rather than speaking about what this library doesn’t handle, here the main strong points:

1. Asset bundles to (pre)load your assets

2. Easily create and organize objects in your scenes.

3. Helpers for loading 3D models and automatically assigning their materials

4. You write your THREE.js objects, we manage them for you: Practically all objects are customizable and accept factory functions.

## Installation

Install THREE.js:
`npm install three --save`

Optionally, install THREE.js typings:
`npm install @types/three --save-dev`

Install this package:
`npm install vue-threejs-composer --save`


## Samples

If you want to test out our samples, you can clone our repository and launch our samples with the following commands:

Install dependencies
`npm install`

Launch development server
`npm run serve`

Play around with the files in */samples*. The demo scene is situated at */samples/views/Demo.vue*

Commit message:

update docs: more details for getting-started, separate pages with more informations about assets

docs/guide/README.md, after:

# vue-threejs-composer

Build beautiful and interactive scenes in the easy way.

## Why?

Today there are already a few libraries out there to create scenes in Vue with Three.js:

- [vue-gl](https://github.com/vue-gl/vue-gl)
- [vue-threejs](https://github.com/fritx/vue-threejs)

These libraries are good for creating simple scenes, as they allow us to easily create basic 3D content, sometimes even with physics.

For more complex scenes however, we need more control for some aspects:
- Better and easier management of your assets and scenes
- Creating content with pure THREE.js

This library allows us to do exactly that.

## Features

This library won’t include any basic geometries, materials and more advanced stuff.

It will only implement a base from which you can easily extend from, as well as implement some in-build functionalities to relieve the user of common problems experienced in normal THREE.js projects:

1. In-build asset and scene manager
2. Helpers for loading and instantiating 3D models.
3. Create custom content and components with pure THREE.js code.

## Installation

Install THREE.js:
`npm install three --save`

Optionally, install THREE.js typings:
`npm install @types/three --save-dev`

Install this package:
`npm install vue-threejs-composer --save`


## Samples

If you want to test out our samples, you can clone our repository and launch our samples with the following commands:

Install dependencies
`npm install`

Launch development server
`npm run serve`

Play around with the files in */samples*. The demo scene is situated at */samples/views/Demo.vue*
